# CRUD operations with DynamoDB

1. Write an item to the table:
    ```bash
    aws dynamodb put-item \
        --table-name my-table \
        --item '{"id": {"S": "item-1"}, "name": {"S": "Product A"}, "price": {"N": "9.99"}}'
    ```
2. Read an item from the table:
    ```bash
    aws dynamodb get-item \
        --table-name my-table \
        --key '{"id": {"S": "item-1"}}'
    ```
3. Update an item in the table:
    ```bash
    aws dynamodb update-item \
        --table-name my-table \
        --key '{"id": {"S": "item-1"}}' \
        --update-expression 'SET #name = :new_name' \
        --expression-attribute-names '{"#name": "name"}' \
        --expression-attribute-values '{":new_name": {"S": "Product B"}}' \
        --condition-expression 'attribute_exists(id)'
    ```

    - aws dynamodb update-item: This is the AWS CLI command for updating an item in a DynamoDB table.
    `--table-name my-table`: This specifies the name of the DynamoDB table to update.
    - --key `{"id": {"S": "item-1"}}`: This specifies the primary key of the item to update. In this case, the primary key is the `id` attribute with a value of `item-1`.

    - `--update-expression 'SET #name = :new_name`: This specifies the update expression to use. In this case, the `SET keyword` is used to set the value of the name attribute to a new value. The `#name` syntax is used to indicate that `name` is an attribute `name`, and `:new_name` is a placeholder for the new value of the name attribute.

    - `--expression-attribute-names {"#name": "name"}`: This specifies the attribute name placeholder used in the update expression. In this case, #name is used to represent the name attribute.

    - `--expression-attribute-values {":new_name": {"S": "Product B"}}`: This specifies the attribute value placeholder used in the update expression. In this case, :new_name is used to represent the new value of the name attribute, which is `Product B`. The `S` indicates that the value is a string.

    - `--condition-expression attribute_exists(id)`: This specifies a condition expression that must be satisfied in order for the update to proceed. In this case, the condition is that the id attribute must exist. This is a simple check to ensure that the item being updated actually exists in the table.

4. Delete an item from the table:
    ```bash
    aws dynamodb delete-item \
        --table-name my-table \
        --key '{"id": {"S": "item-1"}}'
    ```
