# CLI command to create EC2 instance

To create an EC2 instance using the AWS CLI, you can use the `run-instances` command. Here is an example:

```bash
aws ec2 run-instances --region ap-southeast-1 --image-id ami-0acb5e61d5d7b19c8 --instance-type t2.micro --key-name awsug-workshop-keypair 
```

This example demonstrates how to use various parameters when launching an Amazon EC2 instance. Each parameter represents a specific configuration for the instance:

1. `--region`: This parameter specifies the geographical AWS region where your instance will be launched. AWS has regions spread out globally. In this example, `ap-southeast-1` represents the region for Singapore.

2. `--image-id`: This parameter is used to specify the ID of the Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that will be used for the instance. An AMI is a template that contains the software configuration needed to launch your instance (for example, an operating system, an application server, or applications).

3. `--instance-type`: This parameter determines the hardware of the host computer used for the instance. In this example, `t2.micro` is used, which is a type of instance providing a balance of compute, memory, and network resources.

4. `--key-name`: This parameter specifies the name of the key pair to use for SSH access. Key pairs are used to securely connect to your instance after it launches.

Please replace the example values for `--region`, `--image-id`, `--instance-type` and `--key-name` with the values that are appropriate for your specific setup.
